[DX-1211] Add strictMode client option and granted-mode checks on subscribe and presence.get (#505)
ably/specification: specifications/api-docstrings.md

| useBinaryProtocol: Bool default true ||| TO3f | When `true`, the more efficient MsgPack binary encoding is used. When `false`, JSON text encoding is used. The default is `true`. |
| transportParams: [String: Stringifiable]? ||| RTC1f | A set of key-value pairs that can be used to pass in arbitrary connection parameters, such as [`heartbeatInterval`](https://ably.com/docs/realtime/connection#heartbeats) or [`remainPresentFor`](https://ably.com/docs/realtime/presence#unstable-connections). |
| addRequestIds: Bool default false ||| TO3p | When `true`, every REST request to Ably should include a random string in the `request_id` query string parameter. The random string should be a url-safe base64-encoding sequence of at least 9 bytes, obtained from a source of randomness. This request ID must remain the same if a request is retried to a fallback host. Any log messages associated with the request should include the request ID. If the request fails, the request ID must be included in the [`ErrorInfo`]{@link ErrorInfo} returned to the user. The default is `false`. |

> | strictMode: Bool default false ||| TO3r | When `true`, operations that would otherwise fail silently, such as those gated on a granted channel mode, fail with an [`ErrorInfo`]{@link ErrorInfo} describing the cause. When `false`, the same operations log a warning and return their legacy result. The default is `false`. A future major version will change the default to `true`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| strictMode: Bool default false ||| TO3r | When `true`, operations that would otherwise fail silently, such as those gated on a granted channel mode, will instead throw an [`ErrorInfo`]{@link ErrorInfo} describing the cause. When `false`, the same operations log a warning and return their legacy result. The default is `false`. A future major version will change the default to `true`. |
```
